# Project
Cyber Bullying Tweet prediction

Abstract—According to a recent survey, the number of people accessing the internet is growing tremendously. From 2000 to 2009 the number went from 394 million to 1.8 billion in the next 10 years 44.3 percent of the people are going to use the internet.With the evolution of internet usage of social media usage also increased drastically. During the pandemic the usage of social media increased more. Major challenge in social media posts is anonymity of the tweets or messages sometimes these messages contain different offensive content also. These kinds of messages or tweets are referred to as cyberbullying. During Covid-19 people encountered various bullying tweets about the pandemic.The statistics of cyberbullying are almost 37 percent of students are falling prey to cyber bullying and 87 percent of these commiting suicides,academic performance decline and depressed . With the evolution of Artificial Intelligence and NLP(Natural Language Processing) dealing with data i.e. huge corpus became easy. NLP allows us to understand the polarities of the corpus and linguistic contexts. These are not the exhaustive list of tasks that NLP can do. The main objective of this project are: Converting the text into vectorizer using count vectorizer Classifying the type of cyber bullying from the given tweet using SVM and Multinomial Naive bayes i.e. multi class classification 1 Index Terms—SVM(Support Vector Machine), COVID-19, NLP(Natural Language processing), Bag of words, Cyberbullying tweets and Multinomial Naive Bayes.
